_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Moto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: avatar.jpg
  image_cicular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  address: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

news: true  # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---
Random text -- this should change frontend.

Write your biography here.NPOOO Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](http://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

fixing old pages and cleaning ui

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: ABOUT
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Italy. pietri.samuel@gmail.com . Moto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: avatar.jpg
  image_cicular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  address: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

news: true  # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: false  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

I'm a Creative Technologist with a multidisciplinary approach. My interest is strongly connected the development of projects with a strong innovative component in the field of emerging technologies with a focus on interactive and generative elements that can have a positive impact on people.
I graduated in Architecture and Building Engineering at the University of Bologna in 2016 where I developed his interest toward computational design and algorithm design for design purposes. My master thesis untitled “Fibrous Aerial Robotics” focuses on the study of spiderweb strategies for the design of architectural envelopes using swarms of drones and inflatable formworks.
I joined fuse* in 2017 as a Creative Technologist where I continued his research revolves around the study and exploration of generative models for the realization of simulation systems inspired by natural processes.I combine an architectural background with computer skills in the field of creative coding.
Over time I conducted different projects centered on agent-based simulations, procedural algorithms and real-time graphics. His current research focuses on the exploration of generative models for biomimetic simulation systems, real-time graphics development and the integration of machine learning models for the development of interactive applications.
